A cool feature is that we actually can all soon change promises or show you how it works here.
All create a function call.
Wait a second.
And this takes seconds as an input
and it won't simply return me a new promise but it's new promise of course needs to function with free
solf and reject and then inside of this promise all have a timer so set time out again with a function
here as a whole bag.
Once the timer is done and the timer should wait one second because after all the function is called
Wait a second then it should increment seconds both by 1 and it's short.
Resolve this and pass the second value.
I hope you're still with me so I'll only trading a function which returns a Brahmas which has a timer
and which increments the seconds which have passed and the outer function.
Then using that function I can call Wait a second and I'll pass in zero at the beginning since we haven't
weighted one single set and I can then change the then method and I'm just writing this in line to make
it a bit easier to follow.
And if you're not outputting anything or doing anything like this instead of also pastie wait a second
function.
Now since way the second expects a value expects an argument.
This argument will automatically be passed because remember our resoldering here gives us de-value which
resolves seconds in this case and we were using that in the call bag we specified here before.
Now now wait a second does our coal Bechard it also takes an argument.
So it will take 80 seconds from the resoled here and then I'll just add another and then call.
And here I will create my own Colback and chins seconds and I will simply log seconds to the consul
in here.
Now what do you think will happen if I had run.
I get 2 after 2 seconds.
And how does works is simply a whole Wait a second which gives me a promise which will wait a second
increment seconds but one we had to see at the beginning so now the second one and after 1 second.
This is resolved and it passes one back.
Now we have another then where we have that method and we call this function number Tonton seconds 1
.
At this point of time is automatically passed into this function so we again create a problem as wait
one second increments second by one.
It was once and now it is two and then there is resolve and past two.
Now we reached this.
Then call here.
Now here we have a phone call back where we use seconds to.
At this point of time and we simply print it to the console and I could just indent this a bit more
so like this.
And that's why we see you in the end here.
And of again this shows how little killed you can write something very complex with two asynchronous
calls here and just chaining them with then.
And as explained de-value was automatically passed on and we will reach still's then methods only once
the well individual then called before it has finished.
So we're not reaching this.
Then call the forward this then call with this promise.
Here he has unfinished that's important to understand and that's of course an important behavior.